Add entity-unique-id-redundant-domain pylint check (#173434)
home-assistant/core: pylint/plugins/README.md

| `C7414` | [`home-assistant-enforce-utcnow`](#c7414-home-assistant-enforce-utcnow) | Use `homeassistant.util.dt.utcnow` instead of `datetime.now(UTC)` |
| `W7423` | [`home-assistant-missing-entity-unique-id`](#w7423-home-assistant-missing-entity-unique-id) | Entity class does not statically guarantee a non-None unique id |
| `W7424` | [`home-assistant-entity-unique-id-static`](#w7424-home-assistant-entity-unique-id-static) | Entity class sets `_attr_unique_id` to a static string at class level |

> | `W7425` | [`home-assistant-entity-unique-id-redundant-domain`](#w7425-home-assistant-entity-unique-id-redundant-domain) | `_attr_unique_id` references the `DOMAIN` constant or includes the integration's domain as a string-literal prefix |

Reviewer: This rule also warns when using the domain string embedded inside a unique_id, not only when prefixed.
```suggestion
| `W7425` | [`home-assistant-entity-unique-id-redundant-domain`](#w7425-home-assistant-entity-unique-id-redundant-domain) | `_attr_unique_id` references the `DOMAIN` constant or includes the integration's domain as a string-literal delimited segment |
```
